Welcome to Workbook 2.2.
Please open the starter project by following this path shown in the course resources.
In this workbook, when a user makes a gift request on an empty path, you're going to display a view
that is populated with data from the model.
First, you're going to use all variable expressions, then you're going to use select expressions as
shown previously in the course.
You're also going to use a model and view in a slightly different way.
There's other methods of using a model in view, and so we want to make sure we're versatile in case
we encounter these in the real world.
As always, you can go to learn the part and that's linked for you in the resources.